hello and welcome to you ko boxing TV
where for the past few weeks we've been
previewing the big fight between Stephen
Pierce and some egginton for the
Midlands area welterweight title that
fight happened on Friday at the venue in
Dudley we have the round by round
highlights here right now for you to
watch in what was an exciting and highly
anticipated top of the bell fight
it was egginton who came out the blocks
quickest who looks sharp with some
strong hooks in the ribs of pierce
and the 19-year old took his great start
immediately into rented
he fought jumped to the floor will
pierce got back to his feet on the eight
count Eddington looks powerful as Pierce
struggled to cope with the youngsters
thrilling start
Oh
PS came to actually a decisive offer put
and first jabs to paint and midriff in
what was a slope rad
Oh
you
eddington looked electric early in the
fourth grabbing some high tempo jabs to
the redland head as Pierce did his best
to defend himself
you
champ looked tired and round fibers
Eddington looked explosive it was quick
feet and fast punches as Pierce tried
his best to God some pics on his own
ground ended with both forcing several
hits as the atmosphere heated up inside
the venue
I
16 began to take its toll on to as the
doublet had raised the news in
magnificent fashion support their side
of the room
the following seemed to spur on a mutant
as he began to hit the penultimate
punches to the champ Pierce
the opponent was strongly man seven and
he began to dominate proceedings
a positive performance from Eddington
then earned home victory went for two
minutes and three seconds he knocked out
peers with a strong uppercut to become
the new Midlands area welterweight
champion
you see a single outside I do
yes huge congratulations to summit and
the new Midlands area welterweight
champion but also a huge pat on the back
to Stephen Pierce who couldn't quite
retain the belt at the first time of
asking everybody here at UK boxing will
be purely concentrating on big fight now
for Martin getting as he prepares to
take on ms diaz in his IBF eliminator
fight at Walsall town hall on friday May
31st you can grab all the pre-fight
action and interviews here at you KO
boxing on the official Facebook and
Twitter pages until next time see you
soon